- [Mary] Would you like to venture into the world of
Spring Boot Microservices, but don't know where to start?
Boiling down the vast number of Spring projects
can be truly daunting, but it's easier than you think.
Together we will build a RESTful Spring Boot Microservice
with JPA, by leveraging Spring Data, and Spring Web Modules.
Each chapter builds on each other,
including different modules along the way.
Then, once we have a working solution,
we will migrate the microservice
to a MongoDB data source.
But every solution needs a problem,
and every problem has a stakeholder.
Our stakeholder is an imaginary tour operator
called Explore California.
They need a new back end with RESTful APIs
to expose their library of tours.
To accomplish this, I'll assume that
you're not new to Java, Spring dependency injection,
or relational databases.
It's also helpful to have a general understanding
of web request processing.
Hi, I'm Mary Ellen Bowman.
I'm a senior Spring Boot API developer
and I will take you through this learning journey.
We've got plenty to do, so let's get to work.